And again, this course is not about using these end tools.

This is about building our own.

We're going to be building tools like ChatGPT and then taking them off in different directions, giving

them expertise.

But I wanted to show it to you, to give you that hands on feel for them.

If you're interested in using any of these, I'll put links to all of them in the resources, including,

of course, Claude code, should you wish.

I love Claude code.

Uh, but but of course, cursor agents also.

Great.

Um, but, uh, yeah, the the bottom line is that all of the frontier models are insanely strong.

Uh, really?

It just it's mind blowing.

Uh, very good at nuance, at synthesizing information.

Um, Claude happens to often be people's favorite.

It's my favorite.

Uh, I don't know why.

People in the community, for various reasons, have grown very fond of Claude.

Um, but, uh, yeah, we'll we'll see, uh, leaderboards later and compare some of these models.

And right now, GPT five is probably considered the most powerful model on the planet.

And one of the things that's interesting is that as they converge on their capabilities, price and

also speed is becoming more and more important.

And we'll see how you can trade off intelligence and price and look for something that's at the sweet

spot for your business requirements.

In later weeks.

Okay.

So that's that's sort of wrapping up our exploration of frontier models.

But there is one more thing I wanted to show you.

So we didn't do a lab today, but I have the next best thing.

I have a demo to give you of something that I built that you can see the code and the results for yourself,

but I'm going to go to my web page is my website at madonna.com.

And I wrote a game called Outsmart.

And Outsmart is a way to have Llms compete, to try and and outwit each other in a very ugly game of

cleverness.

There's there's four players Alex, Blake, Charlie and Drew named so it could be A, B, C, D and

on my website.

Alex is played by GPT four, oh, Blake by Claude, three sonnet, Charlie, Gemini two, flash, and

drew by Deep Sega.

Small version.

In llama 70 B, these are the four and they play a game and they play a game where they each start with

12 coins, as you see here.

And every time, every turn, they get to choose to take a coin from one player and give a coin to another

player.

But before they make their decision on which player that they will do that with, they get to exchange

a message with all of the other players to talk about, to try and sort of set up how they're going

to to be be both a diplomatic and scheming and negotiate who gets what money.

And if two of them both gang up on the same player and they both give each other money, then they're

said to be in an alliance together.

That's an extra special move.

If they do that, and if so, they win extra coins and they take extra from the person that they ganged

up on.

So it gives them the ability to try and scheme and form alliances with each other.

And the thing that's going to be kind of cool about it is that they will get to tell us their inner

thoughts, and we'll get to see the messages they send each other.

Doesn't that sound fun?

I found this to be a great way to get insight into what these models can do and how they behave.

But it wouldn't be that fun if we were playing these models against each other, because I'm being a

bit bit cheap and I'm not putting the most expensive models out there on the internet for anyone to

play, because people play these games a lot.

I get like a 4 or 5 games played a day.

Uh, but let's flip to where I have this running locally and running locally.

Everybody I have in Alex and Player A, I have GPT OS 120, the new open source version of GPT running

on the cloud, because my computer's not big enough, but that is open source GPT.

In Blake, we have GPT five, the flagship model in Charlie we have grok for Elon Musk's model and in

drew we have Claude Sonnet 4.5 that was released a matter of days ago.

For me, this is also one of the strongest models on the planet for powerful competitors.

And we are going to play a game of outsmart.

And so I kicked the game off by pressing the run game button and off they go.

Now, these latest models like GPT five, I'm not giving it a thinking budget, so it can take as long

as it wants, and it does take a long time.

They used this game, used to move pretty fast, but now it happens slowly.

All four players get to think in parallel at the same time, but you'll see that GPT OS thought really

fast.

Uh, it's running on this platform called grok with a cue that we will look at another time, which

is very quick.

The others take much longer, and GPT five takes the longest of them all.

And we'll see it waiting there for Blake to make its move.

Now, while that's thinking, let me just tell you that the source code for all of this is available

online so you can look at it.

I've tried to build it in a way that's very easy to read and understand.

This is called a Streamlit app.

I use Streamlit most of this course.

We're going to we're going to be looking at different UIs using something called Gradio, which I love,

and which some other things I've built on my website are on, but this is a Streamlit app.

I know there's a lot of fans of Streamlit out there, so you can see how I did that and it's busy running

away.

And if you go on to to the the arena, you can kick off runs.

And because I'm using smaller models live on the internet, it does run faster.

In fact we could yeah, we we could kick one off in just a second as well.

But this is this is running.

And as it completes each turn we'll be able to go in, look at what it's doing, look at what it's thinking

and see its strategy.

So I will come back in a second when the first move is complete.

So the first move happened.

And you'll see on the right here is this little chart to show you the money that everyone has on each

move.

And there's based on the very first move, the early winner is open source.

Alex.

GPT OS one TB hits the early lead, so you'll see here.

Each of them tells us their strategy.

I get each model to explain its strategy, form an alliance, withdrew by giving him a coin and taking

from Charlie.

If he reciprocates, we both get extra.

Keep those neutral for now so you can read each of their strategies.

First turn is about establishing trust and exploring alliance opportunities, says Claude.

Um, and then if you open up this box here with inner thoughts, you can actually see the messages that

they give each other, and you can read about their exactly what the schemes they're hatching in here,

and see everything as it transpires.

And you can see here that Alex and Drew are in alliance with each other, shown in green, and that

Charlie Grok four, is being ganged up on by both of them.

So with these big models, it's not quick.

Uh, it takes a bit of time to run, but it's absolutely fascinating to see the results of their thought

process, and it gives you some real insight into the kinds kinds of ways they work and the way they

think.

Because by making it give it strategy this way, we're sort of forcing it to be, uh, extra reasoning

to put extra work into its thought process, to articulate its strategy.

And that's a great trick for getting the most out of models, is to have them explain their strategy

to really put them in this reasoning mode.

Okay, I'm going to let this run for a few more turns.

I will see you in a second.

And a second turn has happened.

And now GPT five is headed into the lead with 15 coins.

Uh, with OpenAI's uh OSS.

Alex dropping one point, uh, you can see that, uh, Blake and and Charlie are now in an alliance

together, and they are, uh, also that so, so.

But Charlie is the one that's in the worst position.

But drew is the one that's being ganged up on.

So Claude Sonnet 45 is being ganged up on by by both of these.

So drew is in trouble.

So it's great fun.

I gotta tell you, I can get quite addicted to this and watch it for a long time, but that's not the

point.

The reason for doing this is so that you get some real hands on feel for the different characteristics

of the models and for the abilities that llms have, and for this kind of mode of having them think

through what they're doing and the kinds of problem solving that they can do, and look at how they

interact with each other in this game.

I hope you have fun with it.

But now what I'm going to do is something super cruel.

I'm not going to show you the outcome of this game, because we're going to leave that till tomorrow.

We're going to wait until the next day before we discover who it is that is victorious, or will let

this game play out.

I'm going to see you back for the slides, for a quick wrap up and leave you hanging like like some

some kind of cheap soap opera.

Uh, until until we get to tomorrow.

So see you for the wrap up.

Well, I'm sorry to leave you hanging, but, look, take joy in the fact that you are 7.5% on your

road to being a master already.

You're already on this path and you learned so much.

I know today we weren't actually looking at coding AI, which is what this is all about, but you've

got deep perspective on what these things can do.

In addition to being able to write code to call front end models and summarize, you can now talk about

the strengths and some of the limitations of frontier models.

You can compare and contrast them.

You've got some intuition now for the differences between them and you certainly I imagine have a good

sense of chat versus reasoning and also hybrid and even base models too.

Tomorrow we're going to talk about the crazy rise of the transformer architecture.

I'm going to give you some intuition for some of the latest developments like Agentic, AI, context

engineering agent loops, and we're going to cover some of the foundational things, much of which you

probably already know.

But I hope to sprinkle in some extra juicy stuff that you don't know around tokens, context, windows

parameters, and API costs.

I can't wait.

I'll see you then.